fix: sourcemaps in bare and docs (#129)
expo/sentry-expo: README.md

}
```

> If you're using the bare workflow, or using a plain React Native app, you should also follow [these quick steps](#bare-workflow-setup) to finish up your setup

All done! For more information on customization and additional features, read the full guide on using Sentry in Expo apps in our docs ➡️ ["Using
Sentry"](https://docs.expo.io/guides/using-sentry/).

### Bare workflow setup

Setting up `sentry-expo` in the bare workflow requires just a few extra steps in addition to those listed above:

1. Run `yarn sentry-wizard -i reactNative -p ios android`. This will automatically configure your native Android & iOS projects
2. The previous step will add an extra

   ```
   import * as Sentry from '@sentry/react-native';

   Sentry.init({
     dsn: 'YOUR DSN',
   });
   ```

to your root project file (usually `App.js`), so make sure you remove it (but keep the `sentry-expo` import and original `Sentry.init` call!)

> If you don't rely on `expo-updates`, you're all done! If you do, read on...

Reviewer: Maybe a sub-header is a bit easier for people just scanning the docs? e.g.

```suggestion
#### Configure `expo-updates`

> Skip this step if you don't rely on or use `expo-updates`
```

Author: good call, I'm actually going to label it `Configure "no publish builds"` since that's what they really are. I know people don't automatically know what no publish builds are, but the next paragraph will explain that
